Once upon a time there was a big bad wolf named Mr.Wolf. Mr.Wolf enjoyed scaring the citizens of the peaceful town of Storyland. 
Mr.Wolf would go to people's houses and do all sorts of scary things. One particularly scary prank was when Mr.Wolf rung the doorbell of Mrs.Sheep's house, and
before she had a chance to open the door to see who it was, Mr.Wolf ran away laughing and laughing at all the evil he had just done. Some may call this a 
harmless "Ding-Dong-Ditch", but to the citizens of Storyland, uncertainty and mystery was the most frightening thing of all. One day, after a string of 
Ding-Dong-Ditches, the three mighty brothers of the town, the 3 little pigs, had had enough of Mr.Wolf's ruthless activities. They cornered him on the street and 
told him that if he ever tried to Ding-Dong-Ditch again, they would find him and bring him to justice. Mr.Wolf, as big and bad and mighty as he was, was not scared
one bit, and formed a plan to give those 3 pigs what they deserved. He decided that instead of ding dong ditching, he would try and knock their house down with the 
sheer force of his lungs.

That night Mr. Wolf set out on his mission, arriving at the house of the first little pig. "This should be easy," thought Mr. Wolf when he set eyes upon the house,
"it's made of straw!" He inhaled, and with one fell swoop the house fell to pieces as his breath hit the flimsy walls. Satisfied with what he had done, Mr. Wolf
set out to find the house of the second brother. "This should be easy," thought Mr. Wolf upon seeing the second, "why, it's only made of sticks!" Again, with 
very little effort from Mr. Wolf, the second structure fell. Finally, he set out to destroy the house of the third brother...

Hearing the beep in the brick house, he quickly opened the door, let Huhu and Lulu in, and closed the door tightly. The big bad wolf came to the brick house and told Little Pig Dudu to open the door, but Dudu refused to open. The big bad wolf hit hard, the brick house remained motionless, and hit it again, but the brick house remained motionless. The big bad wolf exhausted his strength and hit the brick house hard, but the brick house remained motionless. The big bad wolf hit three bumps on his head, and fell to the ground with his feet up and down. The big bad wolf was still not reconciled, and saw a big chimney on the roof, so he climbed onto the roof and got in through the chimney. The three little pigs were busy adding a lot of firewood to the hearth and burning a pot of boiling water. The big bad wolf got in through the chimney and fell into the hot pot and was scalded by the boiling water. Since then, it has never dared to make trouble.
